A robot now is deployed in a new warehouse.
How can the robot create a map with the doors
as landmarks?
Again the robot can move on a line and has
a camera to detect a door.
In addition, it has its location through GPS.
We can model the belief on where the new discovered
landmarks are as a probability distribution
over the possible locations.
Just deployed, there is no landmark known.
As the robot gets an image from the camera,
it detects a door and places a new landmark
in the map.
Because of uncertainty in the robot's location,
also the landmark has a probability distribution.
As the robot moves, it discovers new landmarks
which are added in the map with their probability
distributions, resulting in a final map.